Hello everyone and welcome back to the assessment's solutions lecture for the aged female level 1 Section.
Let's get right to it by hopping to Adam text editor in our browser.
OK.
Here you have the Adam text editor and my browser and I have two files open.
One is the actual exercise file.
This time I live one assessment and I have this basic study cell file open here and another tab and
that's what I'm going to be editing to try to match what the exercise file looks like.
So let's take it step by step.
The first thing I notice here in the exercise file is that my tab says exercise title and that's a little
hint that we have to actually put in a title here.
So let's match that up we'll say exercise title say and then refreshing this.
Now I see exercise title and it matches the exercise and then we can continue on with the rest of the
body of the h tim L..
And here we have welcome to my Web site and hopefully you're able to recognize that that's a Heading
1.
So I'll say welcome to my Web site there.
And then we have a paragraph that says I'm excited to eventually learn Django.
So let's add that in.
I'm excited too.
We'll just say learn Django.
And let's add a couple more lines.
The body isn't going to collapse the directory tree so you get a little more room here to see great.
And then here is a little bit trickier it says here is the link to the official Django Web site and
hopefully remember from the attributes lecture that I can use an anchor tag to actually put in a link
and an anchor that just looks like an A but it's not a Capital Agency lowercase.
And and we need to add or ref.
So that's going to be a link to the official Web site.
So let me put that in.
That's going to be TTP s colon CT slash for Slash Stubley though w that Jingo project dot com.
And if you need a reference for that all you have to do was click on that link and then mark down the
URL.
And then I want to add in the actual text and I can do this on multiple lines instead of just one single
long line.
It's really up to you.
But we'll say here is a link to the official jingo website I'm going to save that and then refresh my
basic studies T.M..
And so far it's looking pretty good.
The reason it's larger right now is because I'm more zoomed in and that's just for clarity.
So I could zoom in here and see more detail.
That way it's a little easier for you the student to view my screen.
So that's all the difference in the actual sizing but the actual elements themselves are still the same.
And then we have another paragraphed says here's a picture of the Python logo.
Let's add that in.
Now we can tell another paragraph because it's starting on a new line or a new block.
So I'll say here is a pic of the Python logo.
And then I want to add in a picture here.
And remember to add in a picture or an image we use an image tag.
And that's just going to be I am g.
And here's our image tag and what we need is a source for this image tag.
Now what you can do is just use Google images to find that source.
So it will open up a new tab to google images and search for Python alone which looks something like
this.
And I can select any of these.
And I just click on this.
I click on view image and then just copy and paste this into my source so let me save that and refresh
this.
And here is the picture of the Python logo looks like everything's matching correctly.
Now let's come back here and continue on with the rest of the body.
So I have my image set up and now I have another paragraph that says Here are three reasons Django is
cool.
And notice here we have an ordered list.
Remember for an ordered list we just type o l and then each element in the list is an ally or list element.
And I'm just going to paraphrase here.
I'll say it's because it's fast secure.
And the last one will be scalable and I'm saving a lot of time just by using the auto completion of
Adam text editor.
So let's save that refresh our basic's page and here we can see the order list is now included.
And then finally the bonus optional extra credit was can you figure out how to make a picture a link
and basically what we have to do is combine an anchor tag with an image tag.
So usually with the anchor tags we had in ref to the actual Web site link and then we had some text
or we're going to do is instead of text here put in an image tag.
And hopefully we're able to figure it out if you weren't able to.
It's not a big deal.
You will learn now.
I'll put in the anchor Ted and the Tref I want is again to the actual jingle project web site so I can
just copy and paste this from that first link.
There we go.
And then inside of the sinker attached instead of text I want to put in an actual image tag soul say
I am g.
There is my image and the source is going to be this jingoes so I'll just come back to Google images
and search here or Django logo.
And here's a jingle logo doesn't really matter which one you use.
Click on either one of them.
Click View image and then copy this and paste it in as the source.
Save this let's reload our basic site is simple and here you have a very large image but that's OK.
Later on we'll learn how to resize images but if I click on that image.
Important part is it takes me to H.T. to piastre that Ching jingle project dot com.
And that's basically all you had to do.
Hopefully you felt comfortable enough that you could recognize what type of elements were in a web site
and duplicate them in your own H-2 him file.
That's really the point of this exercise.
Being able to look at a Web site a very basic web site and say oh I know what I can do in NHT mail to
reproduce that.
All right.
That's it for HDMI level 1.
It should have been pretty straightforward and pretty basic as far as everything we've covered.
Coming up next in the sections is HMO level 2 we're going to learn even more about each T.M. so we can
know enough to lead into CSSA which will allow us to sense the child each time.
Thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next section of the course.